Templates: Update image generation script to create webp versions (#9161)
swissspidy/web-stories-wp: packages/templates/README.md

## Generating images for templates

> Run `npm run workflow:render-template-posters` to generate and save each template page as an image in the `build/template-posters/` folder. Then move and commit the images to the `static-site` branch under `public/static/main/images/templates/<template-name>/posters`.

Reviewer: This is my fault, I spoke hastily. Let's keep the optimization but drop the webP creation here. 

```suggestion
Run `npm run workflow:render-template-posters` to generate and save each template page as an image in the `build/template-posters/` folder. Then move and commit the images to the `static-site` branch under `public/static/main/images/templates/<template-name>/posters`.

You will want to run the png through [ImageOptim](https://imageoptim.com/howto.html) locally to optimize it before adding it to the static site.
```

Run `npm run workflow:render-template-posters` to generate and save each template page as an image in the `build/template-posters/` folder. Then move and commit the images to the `static-site` branch under `public/static/main/images/templates/<template-name>/posters`.

> You will want to run the png through [ImageOptim](https://imageoptim.com/howto.html) locally to optimize it before adding it to the static site.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You will want to run the resulting images through [ImageOptim](https://imageoptim.com/howto.html) locally to optimize them before adding them to the `static-site` branch.
```
